---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

"Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away." this lesson from The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay hightlights an important point that most people tend to ignore which is that fact that in our world nothing can be perfect. But we can come close through adding features, no matter how small, but we must start with a base that does not require removing somthing to come close to being perfect.  

"Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong", no truer words have been spoken. Far too many times in the world we live in the first approach to a problem has become the norm on how to tackle said problem. This is why many things are inefficient in our day to day life, but once we realize that their is a better way and that solving the problem is not enough is when we can move forward.  

"When your language is nowhere near Turing-complete, syntactic sugar can be your friend." A simple lesson but, with some much behind it. Turning-complete if a language is able to recognize or decide other data-manipulation rule sets and understable to humans. However, if it is not the syntax of the langauage can help you understand the little details of a programming language that does not translate well to human readable terms.  

"The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better."


For home-assistant, our group has found a big area to contribute to the project which is the documentation of project. There is a lot to be done on that aspect which can led to coding contribution because a lot of the project seems to be missing an implementaion.  
