---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


Open Source to me means it is a project where anyone can use and the source code to the project is available to the open.  
In additon, the public has the option to modify the project in anyway the community around the projects deems acceptable.  

An advantage of open source software is the transparency inherent to such projects and, depending on the community, there are alot of support.  
An advantage of close source software is the inhernet security because the source code is not in the open to the public and the project is more, compared to open source, usable beacuse of the quality assurance that a company would do.  

Some of the disadavantages of open source software is the lack of security and the possibility that some changes could take a while to be implemented.  

The reason why I took a course on open source software is because I started to realize that there are many application that I use daily that are open source.  
Additionally, I remember when I was in Data Structures Professor Klukowska talked about open source software in positive terms and it resonated with me because at the time I was not fully aware of open source software and it was here when I became interested in the details of how open source software projects begin, grow, work, and thrive.  

*Notepad++
*Mozilla Firefox
*7-Zip
*Ubuntu

Notepad++ is a text/source editor and I began using Notepad++ after I noticed that Notepad was very barebones and Notepad had some
trouble recongizing some extension files. Some alternatives are Sublime Text, Notepad, and Metapad.  

Mozilla Firefox is a web browser and I began using Firefox after I noticed that Internet Explorer, which was preinstalled, was not adequatable enough for a smooth and user friendly experience and at the time Google Chrome was not available. Some of the alternatives are Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Opera, Safari and much more.  

Ubunti is an open source Linux distribution based on Debian. I began using Ubuntu in NYU after Computer System Organization and continue to do so in classes and personal uses. Some alternatives are Windows, MacOS, Arch Linunx, among much more.  

7-Zip is an open source file archiver and I have used it for compressing folders to submit numerous files through NYU Classes. Some alternatives are WinRAR, WinZip, PeaZip, among others.  
